Add option to remove unnecessary sample copying in typespec-autorest (#4190)
Azure/typespec-azure: website/src/content/docs/docs/migrate-swagger/faq/x-ms-examples.mdx

import { FileTree } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

The `x-ms-examples` is automatically populated in the generated OpenAPI 2.0 when using the `typespec-autorest` emitter.

> The examples must be placed in the `examples-dir` directory (default `{project-root}/examples`) and have the `operationId` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `skip-example-copying` in typespec-autorest configuration as suggested below, examples will automatically be picked up from the examples directory adjacent to the spec. If you do not use this option, the examples must be placed in the `examples-dir` directory (default `{project-root}/examples`).  Examples must all have the `operationId` property, allowing each example to be matched with the appropriate operation.
```

:::caution
Do not use `@extension("x-ms-examples", "<value>")`.
:::

## Recommended configuration

We recommend using `skip-example-copying` together with an `examples-dir` that places examples under the versioned output folder. This keeps example files co-located with the generated swagger and avoids copying files during compilation.

```yaml
options:
  "@azure-tools/typespec-autorest":
    emitter-output-dir: "{project-root}"

>     examples-dir: "{emitter-output-dir}/{version-status}/{version}/examples"

Reviewer: include the `output-file` setting like this:
output-file: "{emitter-output-dir}/{version-status}/{version}/openapi.json"
